GETTING STARTED WITH THE DREAMWEAVER PROTOTYPING ENVIRONMENT

ABOUT THIS TOOL 
The Dreamweaver Prototyping Environment (or DWPE for short) is intended to allow designers to quickly prototype Fusion application pages using a tool with a learning curve less steep than JDeveloper and a level of fidelity and interactivity greater than Visio. It is not intended as a replacement for either tool. The DWPE does not generate production-quality code; it cannotbe re-used in the JDeveloper environment, thus the pages it creates are purely for prototyping purposes. 

While the tool enables a certain level of interactivity, it does not provide all functionality as specified by Fusion and other Fusion Application UI specs and guidelines. While designers should be able to use this tool to create a set of pages that can be used to test or communicate an overall task flow through an application or business process, the services of a competent javascript programmer may be necessary to provide the level of interactivity necessary for some projects.

Currently, due to limited resources and time, this tool is intended to primarly serve designers of Fusion E-Businesss applications. Its preference for supporting the application usage guidelines as specified by RCUX, as opposed to other guidelines, may reduce its usefulness outside of the Oracle Applications group. Also,  the tool currently uses a generic skin to establish its look and feel.  The generic skin remains faithful to the size and shape of Fusion components, but does not reflect the Fusion color scheme. The generic skin employs a simpler color scheme, composed mostly of solid colors. This approach reduces maintenance and update demands on the tool -- when Fusion updates it skin, the tool will not need to.



SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
Your system should meet the following requirements in order to successfully use this 
prototyping environment:

-Microsoft Windows 2000 or Windows XP 
-Macromedia Dreamweaver 8+
-Firefox 3.5+ 

There are unsupported configurations that may work, but we cannot provide any assistance if you encounter problems. For example, Dreamweaver CS3 and CS4 can generally host the prototyping environment, running on either Windows or OS X. However, the code that the prototyping environment generates must be viewed in Firefox 3.5 or above. The pages built with this tool are not guaranteed 
to render properly in any other browser, including Internet Explorer, Opera and Safari. 

FAMILIARIZE YOURSELF WITH DREAMWEAVER
To use this tool, you must first understand how to work with Dreamweaver. While it is possible to create and modify many of the widgets using only the DWPE dialogs, much of the page layout and many modifications require knowing how to use Dreamweaver's standard editing tools. If you need assistance learning Dreamweaver, you can take a class on the subject, run through the excellent tutorials provided in Dreamweaver's Help menu, or read one of many books on the subject. 

Once you know how to use Dreamweaver, you can use this helpfile to familiarize yourself with the customizations we have provided to simplify the creation of Fusion application prototypes. Note that this help file does not try to teach users how to use the various UI standards and guidelines (such as BLAF+ and framework). Instead, it focuses on how to use the prototyping tool. For more information on standards and guidelines, click the "Specs" button in any dialog to view the specification for the associated widget.

YOUR FIRST PROJECT
Assuming you have already installed the BLAF+ Prototyping Framework Extension,

1. Create a new site 
2. Display the DWPE2 Insert Bar. 
3. Click the Overlay Prototype Resources button (1st button). This will place required resources 
   in your site. 
4. Create a New Project (available via menu on 2nd button). This will create a recommended 
   structure for working with files. 
5. Create a New Page  (CTRL+N) and save it into your 
   new project. 
6. Click the Setup Page button (3rd button). This will verify that required resources are availalble
   to the page. 
7. Begin building your page using the widgets on the Insert Bar and Dreamweaver's standard tools. 

As you build your page, periodically preview it in Firefox to see what the page will look like. 

ONGOING USAGE
Anytime you download a new version of the extension you must open your site and click the Overlay Prototype Resources button. This ensures that the latest resources are added to your site. Editing prototype resource files is not permitted. Files delivered into your site as read-only are not intended to be edited. If you need to modify prototyping tool features contact the UX/DSG team. If you have suggestions for improvements to the prototyping environment, or if you encounter any problems using it, please email dwpe-support_us@oracle.com. 

Oracle Apps UX

